# OIBSIP
This repository consist of task completed during one month java developer internship under Oasis Infobyte.
The tasks covered are :

Task 1: Number Guessing Game 
      This is a short Java project that allows the user to guess the number generated by the computer & involves the following steps:

        1)The system generates a random number from a given range, say 1 to 100.

        2)The user is prompted to enter their given number .

        3)The computer then tells if the entered number matches the guesses number or it is higher/lower than the generated number.

        4)The game continues under the user guessing the number.

        5)Also at the end if user has guessed the number correctly it displays the respective score based on number of attempts taken to guess
          the number.
      
Task 2: ATM Interface 
          This project consists of five different methods and is a console-based application. Initially we need to register the user into the system then when the system           starts the user is prompted with user id and user pin (Login). On entering the details successfully, then ATM functionalities are unlocked. 
          The project allows us to perform following operations:

          1)To view Transactions History from ATM Interface System

          2)To Withdraw money from account using ATM Interface System

          3)To Deposit money to account using ATM Interface System

          4)To Transfer money to another person's account using ATM Interface System
          
          5)To Check Balance from ATM Interface System
          
          6)To Quit

